chore: remove unnecessary instances of "clerk" (#1688)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/backend-requests/making/cross-origin.mdx

> ## useSWR hook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `useSWR()` hook
```

> If you are using React or Next.js and want to use the [`useSWR`](https://swr.vercel.app/) hook, you can create a custom hook by using the [`useAuth()`](/docs/references/react/use-auth) hook. `useAuth()` returns the asynchronous `getToken` function that can be called to add the session token as a Bearer token in the Authorization header of requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using React or Next.js and want to use SWR's [`useSWR()`](https://swr.vercel.app/) hook, you can create a custom hook by using the [`useAuth()`](/docs/references/react/use-auth) hook. `useAuth()` returns the asynchronous `getToken()` method that can be called to add the session token as a Bearer token in the Authorization header of requests.
```
